docs: update undefined not iterable article (#1713)
telerik/reporting-docs: knowledge-base/telerik-reportviewer-typeerror-undefined-is-not-iterable.md

## Cause

> This issue occurs due to a breaking change in the 19.1.25.521 version, where the report viewer is no longer fully initialized immediately after the `$("#reportViewer1").telerik_ReportViewer` call. As a result, subsequent calls like `reportViewer.reportSource()` immediately after it do not behave as expected.

Reviewer: As this is a breaking change, I suppose it was a well-thought-out decision, probably to improve the performance or whatever. However, the last sentence makes it sound like this was a mistake: "...subsequent calls like `reportViewer.reportSource()` immediately after it _do not behave as expected_."

On the contrary, they _do_ behave as expected, so I suggest rewording the last bit.

```suggestion
This issue occurs due to a breaking change in the 19.1.25.521 version, where the report viewer is no longer fully initialized immediately after the `$("#reportViewer1").telerik_ReportViewer` call. As a result, subsequent calls like `reportViewer.reportSource()` will fail because the viewer instance is not yet ready.
```

Author: Sounds much better; thank you! :)
